Formatting box → Content box on psuedo element pages (#23736)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_doublecolon_before/index.md

{{EmbedInteractiveExample("pages/tabbed/pseudo-element-before.html", "tabbed-standard")}}

> > **Note:** The pseudo-elements generated by `::before` and `::after` are [contained by the element's content box](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#what_is_the_css_box_model), and thus don't apply to _[replaced elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Replaced_element)_ such as {{htmlelement("img")}}, or to {{htmlelement("br")}} elements.

Reviewer: The original comment is talking about the formatting box, basically the fact that the originating element contains things (text nodes or other elements). Your edit is talking about the box model, which is something different: that has to do with layout rather than contents.

```suggestion
> **Note:** The pseudo-elements generated by `::before` and `::after` are generate boxes as if they were immediate children of the element on which they are applied, or "originating element", and thus can not apply to _[replaced elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Replaced_element)_ such as {{htmlelement("img")}} whose content is outside the scope of the CSS formatting model.
```

The spec only lists replaced elements as not being able to have generated content - https://w3c.github.io/csswg-drafts/css-pseudo/#generated-content - and doesn't mention void elements which generally were listed as not being able to contain generated content, but some did, and maybe that is changing? not sure. 

MDN documents differentiate between the two. `<br>` is void, not replaced, so the original is not correct either. My edit possibly improves this page, but we likely need to update the void and replaced element pages.

> > **Note:** The pseudo-elements generated by `::before` and `::after` are generate boxes as if they were immediate children of the element on which they are applied, or "originating element", and thus can not apply to _[replaced elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Replaced_element)_ such as {{htmlelement("img")}} whose content is outside the scope of the CSS formatting model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The pseudo-elements generated by `::before` and `::after` are boxes generated as if they were immediate children of the element on which they are applied, or the "originating element," and thus can not apply to _[replaced elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Replaced_element)_, such as {{htmlelement("img")}}, whose content is outside the scope of the CSS formatting model.
```
